# TeamTimeTrial
Team set up for Zwift TTT

//The front rider will take 100% air second 78%, third 70% and the rest 67% (if they ride wheel to wheel without long distance between).During a race the riders will rotate continuously where the front rider shift to last position as so on. A ArrayList (durations) is created to hold the time for each rotational cycle. In this application "everything" are simplified and the rotational cycles are set to constant values: 60, 45, 30, 15 seconds (for 4 riders) where the strongest rider take 60s, second strongest 45 etc. (this value may be changed for different teams) The riders are ranked using theirs velocity they can hold for a power of ftpFactor x FTP. ftpFactor is a factor raising the rider FPT at front (ex. for a factor of 1.2 a rider with 250W FTP shall hold 250 x 1.2 = 300W when sitting at the front). This speed is then constant during the race and each riders needed power for each position can be calculated.
name = name of rider
ftp = Functional Threshold Power
weight = weight of rider in kg
height = height of rider in cm
velocity = the speed of a rider/team
powerFront = power generated by front rider
energyRace = assumed maximum energy (J) a rider can hold during the hole race
ftpFactor = to be competitive the front rider must produce between 1.1 - 1.3 times his/her ftp (this factor is user input)
approxRaceDuration = assumed duration (in minutes) of the hole race, which can be estimated by watching other races (it can't be calculated by (duration x velocity) because the track profile which slows down the team. 
noOfCycles = one cycle is when the team has rotated its riders a full circle and noOfCycles is how many of those are required to complete the race
The team is stored in ArrayList team which is populated from a CSV file (TTB2.csv)
The formula to calculate the power vs velocity is taken from: https://julesandjames.blogspot.com/2021/04/speed-vs-power-in-zwift.html
The air resistance reducing factors (0.78, 0.7, 0,67) may be changed with Zwift updates
